{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Prototype 3 Playtest:\
\
Good:\
The main menu music is very comfy. AI pathing is pretty good at getting to the player for the most part. The randomized levels are cool and the layout feels different every time you play them. Combat feels responsive when you\'92re attacking enemies. Being able to save at any point and load back the save is convenient. It\'92s nice to have volume settings for music and sound effects.\
\
Bad:\
The game doesn\'92t have a proper name/logo on the main menu. When you die, nothing happens - there\'92s no death screen or anything. There\'92s no way to recover health after you take damage without restarting the game. The game in general feels very unrewarding since you get nothing for killing enemies or exploring. There\'92s also no real progression, the enemies and difficulty are the same in every level and then the game just ends. There\'92s no finale or boss, just a win screen when you reach the end. There isn\'92t much depth to the gameplay, the combat could use more options other than attacking. Getting hit by multiple enemies at the same time feels bad since there\'92s no invulnerability on hit. There\'92s no way to play the game in a browser, you have to load the application on your computer.\
\
Bugs:\
Main menu button spacing is off\
You can walk off the screen in the beginning by going to the left\
The archers shoot their arrows into corners of walls sometimes\
The log attack doesn\'92t seem centered in the left right direction correctly\
AI still struggles a bit with longer paths\
AI gets stuck on the upper corners of the house\
\
Prototype 4 development:\
New reworked ability system\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Dash ability\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 AI can use dash ability\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Boss, a strong enemy in a special floor at the end\
Enemies drop health pickups sometimes when defeated\
Player temporary invincibility after getting hit\
Death screen\
Floors increase in difficulty\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 WebGL build\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Game name + basic logo\
}